**Lesson 1 Reflections**

======================

_**How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug
that was introduced?**_

Using a diff to compare the two files certainly made things a whole lot easier
than having to manually compare line by line.

Having used Mac's Terminal sparsely over the years, I'm quite excited at the
chance to learn how to use it, especially at learning to execute commands and
whatever else I am going to learn this lesson :)

_**How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?**_

Having such easy access to the whole history of a file, I imagine, would cut
down the amount of hours necessary to proofread the file, especially if it
starts to get over five hundred lines or into the thousands of lines.

It would save time to find an older version of my code after I've noticed a bug
in a newer version. Also, being able to view an earlier version of a file might
remind me of something that I forgot to add on in a later version or vice versa.

_**What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like
Google Docs does?**_

Pros:
* Each change would be succinct, alleviating any confusion about the change
history of a file.
* I can save whenever I want.

Cons:
* I might forget to commit when I should as sometimes I get too much 'in the
groove' and carried away with my ideas.
* Having forgotten when to commit, I might be working on the next feature or
two to three features down the road, so to speak, before I remember I should
have made a commit.

_**Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file
separately?**_

I imagine Git is more geared towards coding and programming, where it makes
sense if multiple files belong to a logical group, whereas Google Docs is more
for prose writing, where each file might makes sense both as a group but
individually as well (e.g. chapters of a novel)

_**How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
files?**_

* git log is used to list all the summaries of all the changes made to a
repository.
*git diff can be used to see what exactly changed between two given commits.

_**How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?**_

You could definitely do a whole lot of trial & error knowing that if you break
your file somehow, you could always revert to an older, stable version.

_**Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?**_